Docs for token based paging in views (#813)
lightbend/kalix-jvm-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/views.adoc

----
SELECT * AS customers, COUNT(*) AS total, has_more() AS more FROM customers LIMIT 10
----

=== Paging

> Reading through a query result one "page" at a time rather than returning the entire result at once is possible in two ways, with a count based offset or a token based offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Splitting a query result into one "page" at a time rather than returning the entire result at once is possible in two ways:
* with a count based offset or 
* a token based offset.
```

In both cases `OFFSET` and `LIMIT` are used.

`OFFSET` specifies at which offset in the result to start

`LIMIT` specifies a maximum number of results to return

==== Count based offset ====

The values can either be static, defined up front in the query:

[source,proto,indent=0]
----
SELECT * FROM customers LIMIT 10
----

Or come from fields in the request message:
[source,proto,indent=0]
----
SELECT * FROM customers OFFSET :start_from LIMIT :max_customers
----

Note: Using numeric offsets can lead to missing or duplicated entries in the result if entries are added to or removed from the view between requests for the pages.

==== Token based offset ====

The count based offset requires that you keep track of how far you got by adding the page size to the offset for each query.

> An alternative is to use a string token emitted by Akka Serverless identifying how far into the result set the paging has reached using the functions `next_page_token()` and `page_token_offset()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative to this is to use a string token emitted by Kalix identifying how far into the result set the paging has reached using the functions `next_page_token()` and `page_token_offset()`.
```
